add info about bash.exe known limitations (#6455)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/hello-world-windows.md

- bash.exe
- cmd.exe

> Please note here is a known limitation with `bash.exe` at this time where bash doesn't not show the expected prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note there is a known limitation with `bash.exe` at this time where bash does not show the expected prompt.
```
